{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2706
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red199\green203\blue211;\red52\green54\blue66;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c81961\c83529\c85882;\cssrgb\c26667\c27451\c32941;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Privacy Policy\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 Effective Date: 4/9/23\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 Welcome to the Drug Dosage Calculator app ("the App"), developed by Dr Ciar\'e1n. We take your privacy seriously and have prepared this Privacy Policy to explain how we handle your information.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 Free to Use\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 The App is completely free to use and does not include in-app purchases or advertisements.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 No Data Collection\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 We value your privacy and your trust. This is why we are committed to ensuring that the App does not collect, store, or share any personal information, period. When you use the App, your calculations and inputs remain on your device and are not transmitted to any servers or third parties.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 No Third-Party Services\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 The App does not integrate with any third-party services or libraries that could collect your data. All functionality is contained within the App itself, and it operates independently of external services.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 Consent\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 By using the App, you consent to this Privacy Policy.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 Changes to This Policy\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 Although most changes are likely to be minor, we may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 Contact Information\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 For any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.instagram.com/doctorciaran/"}}{\fldrslt https://www.instagram.com/doctorciaran/}}}